[shopsys] upgrading-monorepo.md: improved instructions (#708)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/contributing/upgrading-monorepo.md

# Upgrading monorepo

Typical upgrade sequence should be:

> * when you are updating your `docker-compose.yml`, you need to apply the changes by using command `docker-compose up -d`

Reviewer: maybe
```suggestion
* when you update your `docker-compose.yml`, you need to apply the changes by using command `docker-compose up -d`
```
